Update/add search props (#4990)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/sentry-basics/search/searchable-properties.mdx

## Search Properties

Sentry's searchable properties fall into one of three categories: event, issue, or release.

### Issue Properties

[Issues](/product/issues/) are an aggregate of one or more error events. Searchable issues properties include status, assignment, aggregate counts, and age. You can search by issue properties in the **Issues** page and in **Dashboards** in the widget builder, depending on your dataset selection.

### Event Properties

Events are the underlying event data captured using Sentry SDKs — that is, errors and transactions.

You can search by event properties in the following [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) pages:

- Discover - in the query builder
- Dashboards - within the widget builder, depending on dataset selection
- Performance
- Issues - as indicated in the table below
- Alerts - when creating a metric alert

When searching on event properties within the **Issues** page, the search will return any issue that has _one or more events_ matching the supplied event properties filter.

### Release Properties

> In **Releases**, you can only search by by properties that include `release` in the key, but these properties are also searchable in the other pages of [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) listed above (under [Event Properties](#event-properties)).

Reviewer: I think it might be better to list the 5 release fields here instead, since we may introduce fields that include relese eventually and there's also the `firstRelease` field

Author: Done!

> In **Releases**, you can only search by by properties that include `release` in the key, but these properties are also searchable in the other pages of [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) listed above (under [Event Properties](#event-properties)).

Author: ```suggestion
In **Releases**, you can only search by the following properties: 

- `release`
- `release.build`
- `release.package`
- `release.stage`
- `release.version` 

However, these properties are also searchable in the other pages of [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) listed above (under [Event Properties](#event-properties)).
```

## Search Tips

Search terms should auto-complete, and when they don't that means you have an invalid data set. If you enter an invalid search term and tap Return or Enter, an error message is displayed. For example, in **Discover**, you cannot search using a grouping function (properties with a parentheses in the key, for example `epm()`) if you don't already have a grouping function included in the "Results" table columns.

> When you search using a property that's a function, if the key includes a parameter, you still need to add a filter or value to have a complete search token. For example, the function `count_unique(user)` takes whichever field you choose as the parameter and then you add a number as your value to filter on. So a typical search might look like: `count_unique(field)>=20`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you search using a property that's a function, if the key includes a parameter, you still need to add a filter or value to have a complete search token. For example, the function `count_unique(field)` takes whichever field you choose as the parameter and then you add a number as your value to filter on. So a typical search might look like: `count_unique(user):>=20`.
```

| device.online | Whether the device was online or not. A string that is either `True` or `False`. | x |  | string |
| device.orientation | Describes the orientation of the device and can be either `portrait` or `landscape`. | x | x | string |
| device.simulator | Indicates whether this device is a simulator or a real device. A string that is either `True` or `False`. | x |  | string |
| device.uuid | Deprecated | x | x | uuid |
| dist | Distinguishes build or deployment variants of the same release of an application. For example, the dist can be the build number of an XCode build or the version code of an Android build. | x | x | string |
| environment | Refers to your code deployment naming convention. For example, *development*, *testing*, *staging* and so on. [Learn more](/product/sentry-basics/environments/).<br></br><br></br>In some pages of [sentry.io](https://sentry.io), you filter on environment using a dropdown. | x |  | string |
| epm() | Returns results with a matching events-per-minute count. Doesn't take a parameter. | x |  | number |
| eps() | Returns results with a matching events-per-second count. Doesn't take a parameter. | x |  | number |

> | error.handled | Indicates whether the user has handled the exception — for example, using try...catch. Values are `1/0` or `true/false` | x | x | boolean |
> | error.mechanism | An object describing the mechanism that created this exception. | x | x | array |
> | error.type | The type of exception. For example, `ValueError`. | x | x | array |
> | error.unhandled | The inversion of `error.handled`. An error is considered unhandled if at least one stack trace failed to handle the error. | x | x | boolean |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| error.handled | Indicates whether the user has handled the exception — for example, using try...catch. An error is considered unhandled if at least one stack trace failed to handle the error. Values are `1/0` or `true/false` | x | x | boolean |
| error.mechanism | An object describing the mechanism that created this exception. | x | x | array |
| error.type | The type of exception. For example, `ValueError`. | x | x | array |
| error.unhandled | The inversion of `error.handled`. | x | x | boolean |
```

| error.value | Original value of a field that causes or exhibits the error. | x | x | array |
| event.timestamp | Returns issues with matching datetime. |  | x | datetime |

> | event.type | Type of the event (transaction, error, default, csp, and so on). Transaction is unvailable in **Issues**. | x | x | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| event.type | Type of the event (transaction, error, default, csp, and so on). The transaction type is unavailable in **Issues**. | x | x | string |
```

| release.package | The unique identifier of the project/app. For example, `CFBundleIdentifier` on iOS or `packageName` on Android. [Learn more](/product/releases/usage/sorting-filtering/). | x | x | string |
| release.stage | The usage your release is seeing relative to other releases. Values can be `adopted`, `low`, or `replaced`. [Learn more](/product/releases/health/#adoption-stages). | x | x | string |
| release.version | A shorter version of the name; name without the package or short version of the hash. [Learn more](/product/releases/usage/sorting-filtering/). | x | x | string |
| sdk.name | Name of the Sentry SDK that sent the event. | x | x | string |
| sdk.version | Version of the Sentry SDK that sent the event. | x | x | string |
| spans.browser | Cumulative browser time for a transaction, based on the span operations. | x |  | duration |
| spans.db | Cumulative db time for a transaction, based on span operations. | x |  | duration |
| spans.http | Cumulative http time for a transaction, based on span operations. | x |  | duration |
| spans.resource | Cumulative resource time for a transaction, based on span operations. | x |  | duration |

> | stack.abs_path | The absolute path to the source file. In **Discover**, this is an array; in **Issues**, this is a single value. | x | x | array, single value |

Author: ```suggestion
| stack.abs_path | The absolute path to the source file. In events, this is an array; in issues, this is a single value. | x | x | array, single value |
```

| stack.colno | Column number of the call, starting at 1. | x |  | array |

> | stack.filename | The path to the source file relative to the project root directory. In **Discover**, this is an array. In **Issues**, this is a single value. | x | x | array, single value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| stack.filename | The path to the source file relative to the project root directory. In events, this is an array. In issues, this is a single value. | x | x | array, single value |
```

> | stack.function | Name of the function being called. In **Discover**, this is an array. In **Issues**, this is a single value. | x | x | array, single value |

Author: ```suggestion
| stack.function | Name of the function being called. In events, this is an array. In issues, this is a single value. | x | x | array, single value |
```

| stack.in_app | Indicates whether a frame is related to the execution of the relevant code in the stack trace. For example, the frames that might power the framework’s web server of your app are probably not relevant. However, calls to the framework’s library once you start handling code likely are relevant. Values can be `1` (true) or `0` (false). | x |  | array |
| stack.lineno | Line number of the call, starting at 1. | x |  | array |
| stack.module | Platform-specific module path. For example, `sentry.interfaces.Stacktrace`. In **Discover**, this is an array. In **Issues**, this is a single value. | x | x | array, single value |
| stack.package | The "package" the frame was contained in. Depending on the platform, this can be different things. For C#, it can be the name of the assembly. For native code, it can be the path of the dynamic library or something else. In **Discover**, this is an array. In **Issues**, this is a single value. | x | x | array, single value |
| sum(numeric field) | Returns results with a matching total value for the the field entered. | x |  | matches field |

> | timesSeen | Returns results with a matching count. (Same as `count()` in **Discover**.) |  | x | number |

Author: ```suggestion
| timesSeen | Returns results with a matching count. (Same as `count()` in events.) |  | x | number |
```
